Welcome back.
All right.
Up until this point we learned that Diffie Helman key exchange provides for us a way to share a shared
secret.
I said share a lot there.
Oh well now we still need to authenticate.
So right now I could technically enter the password that was given to me by Digital Ocean and they won't
show up over here.
But let's try that again.
Password.
Copy and paste.
And I'll keep the password the same.
I'll have to change your password because they just gave me a temporary one so let's just keep it nice
and simple.
Oh boy they're asking a lot.
All right.
Finally were able to log in with our new password.
But as I said before that is a bit of a hassle.
You don't want to do that every time.
So using S-sh we're going to use something called RSA which allows us to provide or prove the identity
of the person without a password.
Sounds like magic doesn't it.
Let's get that set up and show you how we can do that.
So I'm going to exit out of here.
Let's clear this for now and I'm going to go into a folder that should exist on your computer if not
you may have to create this folder.
And the dot in front of it means that it's a hidden file so you may have to allow hidden files to even
be able to see it.
But if I just open this you'll see that is just a folder or like anywhere else on my computer my root
directory.
And if I look at the files in it I have a few things that you may not have because well this might be
your first time generating a necessary key.
In my case I already have some keys so there's some folders in there.
Don't worry if you don't see them.
Now if you see an I.D. or a safe file.
If not you'll have to generate one.
So let's generate a key just like we talked about in previous videos.
We're going to generate a public and private key just for Digital Ocean.
So that way with this computer with this laptop I can communicate with the server out there in the world
the way we can do that.
It's quite simple actually we can use the S-sh keys command which you should have on your computer if
not you may have to install the CLID where you can get it a few parameters.
There's a few that are recommended online but for now just to keep things simple we can just do
this with whatever your email addresses solve.
In my case I'm just going to do a test at gmail dot com wants to press enter.
You'll get to ask where you want to save the file and you see over here that it's saving get in my data
S-sh folder.
But I also don't want to.
I already have an ID or a say and I want specifically for Digital Ocean.
So I'm going to go ahead and just copy this and name it Digital Ocean.
So I know what the key is for going to press center and you have an option over here to enter a passphrase
just for extra security if you want.
In my case I don't really want to say you can just press enter enter and there you go.
We've just generated a public and private RSA keep.
Very cool.
And now let's clear this.
If I look at my folder I have the I.D. RSA Digital Ocean and Id say Digital Ocean and pop.
Now if this is your first time what S-sh.
Remember this.
If you remember anything from the section that is does pub which is a public key you can share that
with anybody that you want.
But this idea RSA Digital Ocean which is a private key never ever ever shared with anybody.
This is something that only you should keep on your computer.
Never ever share it otherwise.
Well pretty much all your encryption will be will be useless right.
So we were just able to generate our keys.
That's kind of cool right.
We can now copy this key and share it with our Digital Ocean server.
Remember in the diagrams we want to share our public keys by running the command and we can find this
online if you want.
So don't don't worry too much about it about it if you want to read up on what this command does.
It pretty much just copies whatever's inside though Id say disclosure in God PABX remember only the
public key that we're sharing.
So I'm going to press enter here and I've copied this to my clipboard.
Now if I go into S-sh to my Digital Ocean server see that I'm connected over here by the way if you're
wondering why I was able to log in this is because it's the same session actually exit the session it
will last me for the password to get.
For now we can do the same thing on this server.
We can make a directory called Dot S-sh just like we have on our computer.
And I can't spell.
So make directory and looks like the S-sh file already exists.
So let's just do Alice and you'll see over here that I can't see it.
That is because it is a hidden file remember I'll have to do a dash a to show our hidden Fox which is
S-sh over here.
Very cool.
Let me clear this.
Now we go into our DOT S-sh file and I cannot type.
Let's try that again.
All right.
We're here in our S-sh And if we look over here we have already just by default from Digital Ocean known
hosts and authorized keys.
If you don't see this based on whatever server you have you can just create the file.
But for now authorized keys is what we want.
So we can use something like nano which allows us to add a tax inside of authorized keys now in here
all we have to do is copy and paste our key that we had copied previously.
So this is our public key from our desktop that we just pasted in here with Neno you can see over here
to X it you have to hit command X or control X and then we want to modify and save We'll press Y and
then press enter.
All right so now if I do.
LS I see that I have authorized keys and in it we have our public infight exit.
Now well let's try this.
I'm going to S-sh into my root folder or let's end the session to make sure that it doesn't ask us for
a password and I'm going to see if I can enter it directly through S-sh with our keys without having
to worry about passwords.
So let's close this.
All right so as I say each and you see here that we just got a permission denied and that's a little
bit tricky here.
You may have this only if you're like me and in your S-sh it's all in your S-sh folder you have multiple
ID essays.
So you want to make sure that it's using the right public key for this connection.
So in our case we can just simply do this command which is as I say add and then grab the public key
that we just used and sorry grab your private key which you've created.
Press Enter Oh and you don't want to have your.
You want this.
All right so my identity was.
So let's try S-sh ing again
hand look at that.
We have as insatiate into our box we've proven that this is us.
This computer belongs to us and we have the authority to connect to the server and run any commands
we want.
All right Hosam we've done all of this and you're asking yourself.
I feel like I just wasted a bunch of time learning this and it doesn't really relate to web development
or how I can set up S-sh with get Hobb and that's easy to do.
Andrea why are you bothering me with this.
Don't worry we are going to tie everything together in the next video.
So you see why all this hard work is going to payoff finally when we finish up with this section by
the way just for fun just to see that this works.
I'm going to let's clear this actually.
I'm going to go into my essays folder and if I go into the authorization keys or authorized keys I'm
going to delete this line I'm going to save it.
And then finally I'm going to exit out of this close my terminal
reopen the terminal over here let's clear this reopen the terminal over here and let's try S-sh.
And to our server.
Permission denied.
But let's do this command that we did before.
We've added the identity free S-sh.
Permission is denied.
Because we no longer have our keys.
We no longer share the public key with the server and the authorized keys folder.
Now we see that we cannot S-sh anymore by the way.
Does the ocean doesn't actually expect every one of their user to be able to know how to do this.
They actually have a really nice easy interface that you can use to add S-sh keys which actually works
very similar with get help.
So let's just copy our
S-sh key again that we created for Digital Ocean.
And if I go to Digital Ocean over here I can go to my profile settings
and if we go to security you see that they have S-sh keys.
I can add my S-sh key copy and paste and I'll just name it.
Test had the S-sh key which does the exact same thing that we did from the terminal except well it looks
nicer.
How to you have a nice user interface here.
All right.
So there you have it.
We're able to use all these tools symmetrical encryption asymmetrical encryption hashing in order to
securely connect to a host and even be able to authenticate through S-sh.
So with all of that knowledge in mind we're now going to look at our task at hand that Bruno asks us
to do and that is set up S-sh with get help.
I'll see in the next one Bebai.